Create postgresql-logging-recommendations.md (#79)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/postgresql-logging-recommendations.md

# Check for enabled minimal logging features of PostgreSQL

## Description

> This check provides feedback on enabled logging features. The checks are strictly recommended to help identify potential issues when reviewing the database cluster and log files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check provides feedback on enabled logging features and is strictly recommended to help identify potential issues when reviewing the database cluster and log files. 
```

## Resolution

> Enabling the following logging parameters will help when troubleshooting database performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling of the following logging parameters helps when troubleshooting database performance issues.
```

**Logging_collector**

Enables the logging collector which captures log messages sent to the stderr and redirects them into log files.

**log_temp_files**

> Enables logging of temporary file creation and the queries generating them. This is useful when trying to size work_mem or other related parameters.  Extremely useful when parsing log files with a tool such as pg_badger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables logging of temporary file creation and the queries generating them. This is useful when trying to size work_mem or other related parameters.  It is extremely useful when parsing log files with a tool such as pg_badger.
```

**Note: If your running cluster is generating large amounts of temporary files, this could consume disk space rapidly. Consider setting a value which will log temporary files of x size.**

**log_check_points**

Logs statistics about checkpoints and when they occur. 

**log_min_duration_statement**

> This is useful for determining slow running queries. Setting a value in milliseconds will log queries that take the set value or longer time to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful for determining slow running queries. Setting a value in milliseconds will log queries that take either the set value or longer time to complete.
```

> This is useful for determining slow running queries. Setting a value in milliseconds will log queries that take either the set value or longer time to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is useful for determining slow-running queries. Set a value in milliseconds to log queries that take either the set value or a longer time to complete.
```
